Initial docs for GPU support (#63)
omnivector-solutions/osd-documentation: operations/gpu.rst

.. _gpu:

===========
GPU Support
===========

> OSD supports installing GPU drivers for the compute nodes via a set of Juju

Author: Is this a grammar issue? In Portuguese, it is recommended to avoid your suggestion, but this may not apply for English...

> OSD supports installing GPU drivers for the compute nodes via a set of Juju

Reviewer: I guess `ing` is only applied to verbs when prepositions are first. Correct me if I am wrong

> OSD supports installing GPU drivers for the compute nodes via a set of Juju

Reviewer 2: It's not grammatically incorrect. I think it reads more naturally, though.

Actions.

We currently support Nvidia GPUs only.

Nvidia
======

The ``slurmd`` charm provides an ``install-nvidia`` action to install the
Nvidia drivers easily:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ juju run-action slurmd/leader install-nvidia

This action, by default, pulls the latest drivers from official Nvidia
repositories. If you need to install older drivers, you should specify them
with the action ``nvidia-package`` _before_ installing the drivers:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ juju run-action slurmd/leader nvidia-package package="nvidia-driver-branch-470" # for CentOS7
   $ juju run-action slurmd/leader nvidia-package package="cuda-drivers-470" # for Ubuntu 20.04
   $ juju run-action slurmd/leader install-nvidia

Please check the official `Nvidia documentation about compatibility
<https://docs.nvidia.com/deploy/cuda-compatibility/#faq>`_ before installing
the drivers.

> After installing GPU Drivers, one should reboot them. Check

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After installing GPU Drivers, you should reboot the nodes using them. Check
```
